/// mainpage
\mainpage

\section general_doc About this Document

This document provides reference documentation for the SNAP APIs.
The documentation also includes a complete reference to the source code.
To start, browse the sections about Classes or Files in the left column or
search for a specific item in the search box in the upper right.

Two versions of this document are available, User Reference and Developer
Reference. The Developer Reference document is more extensive. It includes
inheritance and collaboration diagrams for classes, and call and caller graphs
for functions. These diagrams and graphs are not included in the
User Reference document.

\section general_snap About Snap

Stanford Network Analysis Platform (SNAP) is a general purpose, high
performance system for analysis and manipulation of large networks.
Graphs consists of nodes and directed/undirected/multiple edges between
the graph nodes. Networks are graphs with data on nodes and/or edges of
the network.

The core SNAP library is written in C++ and optimized for maximum
performance and compact graph representation. It easily scales to
massive networks with hundreds of millions of nodes, and billions of
edges. It efficiently manipulates large graphs, calculates structural
properties, generates regular and random graphs, and supports attributes
on nodes and edges. Besides scalability to large graphs, an additional
strength of SNAP is that nodes, edges and attributes in a graph or
a network can be changed dynamically during the computation.

SNAP works on Windows with Visual Studio or Cygwin with GCC, Mac OS X,
Linux and other Unix variants with GCC installed. SNAP is largely
self-contained and has minimal dependency requirements on other packages. 

SNAP uses a general purpose STL (Standard Template Library)-like library
GLib developed at Jozef Stefan Institute. SNAP and GLib are being actively
developed and used in numerous academic and industrial projects.

Complete source code for the core SNAP and GLib libraries is available
under the BSD license. Download the package at http://snap.stanford.edu.
///
